Add references to Copernik.eu Log4j components (#3534)
apache/logging-log4j2: src/site/antora/modules/ROOT/partials/manual/systemproperties/properties-context-selector.adoc

Creates a separate logger context per OSGi bundle and synchronous loggers

link:../javadoc/log4j-core/org/apache/logging/log4j/core/selector/JndiContextSelector.html[`org.apache.logging.log4j.core.selector.JndiContextSelector`]::
Creates loggers contexts based on a JNDI lookup and synchronous loggers See xref:jakarta.adoc#jndi-configuration[Web application] for details.

There are also third-party context selector implementations:

[IMPORTANT]
====

> These context selectors are provided by **third-party** vendors and are not maintained by the Apache Software Foundation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These lookups are provided by **third-party** vendors and are not maintained by the link:{logging-services-url}[Apache Logging Services] (Log4j, Log4cxx, Log4net) project.
```

Author: Fixed in https://github.com/apache/logging-log4j2/pull/3534/commits/84c6da7b084512d2e9d54b6cb42c8b718a80b8ed
